I really don't know definitely 100%
number forty did the monkey bay look in
Hilversum your Blanc you know what the
weirdest thing is that you don't know is
that I go out Friday and Saturday night
for like dinner and like order wine and
a mat like a custom like who what is
this
of course the come on Jill only 36 the
theory on Oh Pinot Grigio 35 Taran
Jerome Baker fuse cab sorry max row
chair Sancerre Avril okay yep thinking
in civil force you shut up to pop a
ricci vanilla just go into here
twitter.com slash search typing garyvee
drink wine 27 is deep old video 26 is
the master ratio 25 is crane town shard
hot / - yo ha blindfold the Carmenere
latisha
is what 20 the letitia's delivering
outrageous fruit and kudos to them to
still finding the balance really strong
heart
yeah robust 18 OPC Ceglie up yes or no
Barolo adaptation short this wine is
super legit brand the adaptation chard
swine is ridiculously good San Ramon
Toro Monsanto chard there's poor goal
that was every see what number are we on
we're on number 10 right now can you
count how many wines are here yeah bring
them all together for me what is this
Wow let's go through che
I really don't know this is fun this is
I feel like I'm back at Miss America
let's go with the Berra
let's go telling this to Linnaeus is
really good it's really good
wildly good Oh twice steal Bella Bella
this fella Bella 2010 Margaret River
shard is really standing out in this mix
I'm surprised by the complexity really
solid jeez let's go Caldwell if you're
looking for real Pinot Noir not the
stuff that so many of you bought into
what I mean by that is just straight
fruit to the face miss Caldwell cellars
is extremely well balanced a wine that
can find that perfect kind of middle
ground between fruit sweet and savory
there's a little bacon fat on this
definitely try it if you've never
explored it
Miraflores
give me those tomatoes yeah I'm gonna
reach a stem
give me another glass
right
number two path Akana this white is
bonkers pasa kana this is one of the
best ten Argentinian wines I've ever had
straight up the wine the winner the
portal butter hola
this one's very good Wow complexity wise
is really well done
Wow I'm really impressed by this wine